Create rule S6314 (#180)
SonarSource/rspec: rules/S6314/kotlin/rule.adoc

> In Kotlin `Flow` represents a cold stream concept. And similar to `Stream` in Java or `Sequence` in Kotlin we can manipulate the data inside the flow (filter, transform, collect, etc). In `Flow` as well as in `Stream` and `Sequence` api there are 2 kinds of possible operations: intermediate and terminal. Intermediate operations are the ones returning `Flow`, all other operations are considered terminal. As flows are naturally lazy, no operations will actually start unless the terminal operation is called.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
In Kotlin, `Flow` represents a cold stream concept. Similar to `Stream` in Java or `Sequence` in Kotlin, we can manipulate the data inside the flow (filter, transform, collect, etc). The `Flow` API, just like `Stream` and `Sequence`, offers two types of operations: intermediate and terminal. Intermediate operations again return a `Flow` instance, all other operations are considered terminal. As flows are naturally lazy, no operations will actually be started until a terminal operation is called.
```

> This rule reports an issue if the result of the intermediate operation on `Flow` is left unused.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This rule reports an issue when the result of an intermediate operation on `Flow` is left unused.
```
